README.markdown, before:

##Gitview

JS widget to list github repositories. Mimics dashboard style. To see it in action, visit [gitview.logicalcognition.com](http://gitview.logicalcognition.com).

Regular


![Alt text](http://logicalcognition.com/Projects/Gitview/demo/images/screenshot.png)

Small


![Alt text](http://logicalcognition.com/Projects/Gitview/demo/images/screenshotSmall.png)

##Supported Browsers

* Safari 4+
* Chrome 9+
* Firefox 4+
* Internet Explorer 8+

##Usage

1. Paste into your page's HEAD

	```console
	<script src="http://logicalcognition.com/Projects/Gitview/Gitview.js"></script>
	```

2. From within a script tag or a JS file
	
	```console
	var view = new Gitview({ 
	  user    : 'bouchon',      // any github username
	  domNode : document.body,  // domNode to attach to
	  copmact : false           // if set to true, will display smaller version of widget (no participation graph)
	});
	```
##Issues & Features

File under the Issues section and feel free to fork and pull-request

##License

WTFPL

Commit message:

Added jQuery plugin support (optional)

README.markdown, after:

##Gitview

JS widget to list github repositories. Mimics dashboard style. To see it in action, visit [gitview.logicalcognition.com](http://gitview.logicalcognition.com).

Regular


![Alt text](http://logicalcognition.com/Projects/Gitview/demo/images/screenshot.png)

Small


![Alt text](http://logicalcognition.com/Projects/Gitview/demo/images/screenshotSmall.png)

##Supported Browsers

* Safari 4+
* Chrome 9+
* Firefox 4+
* Internet Explorer 8+

##Usage

Paste into your page's HEAD

	```console
	<script src="http://logicalcognition.com/Projects/Gitview/Gitview.js"></script>
	```

From within a script tag or a JS file
	
	```console
	var view = new Gitview({ 
	  user    : 'bouchon',      // any github username
	  domNode : document.body,  // domNode to attach to
	  copmact : false           // if set to true, will display smaller version of widget (no participation graph)
	});
	```
	
Or use it as a jQuery plugin
	
	```console
	$('#foo').gitview({user: 'bouchon'});
	```
	
##Issues & Features

File under the Issues section and feel free to fork and pull-request

##License

WTFPL
